Please read these terms and conditions ("terms and conditions", "terms") carefully before using the application.


Conditions of use

By using this application, you certify that you have read and reviewed this Agreement and that you agree to comply with its terms. If you do not want to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, you are advised to leave the application accordingly. My DNS only grants use and access of this application, and its services to those who have accepted its terms.


Privacy policy

Before you continue using our application, we advise you to read our privacy policy  regarding our user data collection. It will help you better understand our practices.


Age restriction

You must be at least 18 (eighteen) years of age before you can use this application. By using this application, you warrant that you are at least 18 years of age and you may legally adhere to this Agreement. My DNS assumes no responsibility for liabilities related to age misrepresentation.


Intellectual property

You agree that all materials, products, and services provided on this application are the property of My DNS, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, or licensors including all copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property. You also agree that you will not reproduce or redistribute the My DNS’s intellectual property in any way, including electronic, digital, or new trademark registrations.
You grant My DNS a royalty-free and non-exclusive license to display, use, copy, transmit, and broadcast the content you upload and publish. For issues regarding intellectual property claims, you should contact the company in order to come to an agreement.


Applicable law

By visiting this application, you agree that the laws of the EU, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and conditions, or any dispute of any sort that might come between My DNS and you, or its business partners and associates.


Disputes

Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this application shall be arbitrated by state or federal court My DNS and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.


Indemnification

You agree to indemnify My DNS and its affiliates and hold My DNS harmless against legal claims and demands that may arise from your use or misuse of our services. We reserve the right to select our own legal counsel.


Limitation on liability

My DNS is not liable for any damages that may occur to you as a result of your misuse of our application.
My DNS reserves the right to edit, modify, and change this Agreement at any time. This Agreement is an understanding between My DNS and the user, and this supersedes and replaces all prior agreements regarding the use of this application.


Contact

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please reach us on astrit-veliu@hotmail.com
